Hootsuite: Hootsuite is an easy-to-use online platform that enables you to manage your social media
presence across the most popular social networks. Hootsuite offers different plans depending on your
business needs and budget: free, pro, or enterprise. In this tutorial, we will employ the free version,
which supports up to five social media profiles and has limited analytics information.

? SocialMediaMineR: SocialMediaMineR is a social media analytics tool that takes one or multiple
URLs and returns the information about the popularity and reach of the URL(s) on social media,
including the number of shares, likes, tweets, pins, and hits on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest,
StumbleUpon, LinkedIn, and Reddit.

? Lithium: Lithium (http://www.lithium.com/) is social media management tool that provides a
variety of products and services, including social media analytics, marketing, crowd-sourcing, and
social media marketing.

? Google Analytics: Google Analytics (http://www.google.com/analytics/) is an analytical tool offered
by Google to track and analyze website traffic. It can also be used for blogs and wiki analytics.

? Facebook Insights: Facebook Insights helps Facebook page owners understand and analyze trends
within user growth and demographics.

? Klout: Klout measures your influence across a range of social media channels based on how many
people interact with your posts. Your Klout score measures your influence on a scale from one to one
hundred.
? Topsy: Topsy (http://topsy.com/) is similar to Icerocket and Social Mention, with its main focus
around social media, especially multimedia sites and blogs.

? Tweetreach: This tool helps you measure the number of impressions and reach of hashtags. The tool
can be accessed here: https://tweetreach.com

? Kred: Kred helps you measure the influence of a Twitter account:www.kred.com

? Hashtagify: This tool measures the influence of hashtags: http://hashtagify.me

? Twtrland: Twtrland is a social intelligence research tool (http://twtrland.com/) for analyzing and
visualising your social footprints.

? Tweetstats: using your Twitter username, Tweetstats graphs Twitter stats including tweets per hour,
tweets per month, tweet timelines, and reply statistics (http://www.tweetstats.com).

? Brand24: Brand24 is one of the most popular social media listening tools. We receive
comprehensive reports on all public mentions of our company on the Internet. Correct use of the
offered opportunities allows you to improve your company's image online, increase customer trust
and respond to any discussions regarding specific phrases or hashtags. AI features and innovative
solutions that save time for digital marketers and PR managers.

? Talkwalker is a social media analytics and listening platform that provides insights into brand
performance, consumer behavior, and market trends. It uses artificial intelligence (AI) and machine
learning to analyze social media, news outlets, blogs, and other online platforms. Marketers, brands,
and businesses use Talkwalker to monitor brand mentions, track competitors, measure the
effectiveness of campaigns, and analyze public sentiment.